[Music]
like try to make it look candid I hope
it wasn't too cringing but I thought I
just quickly like fruity outfits in case
you guys interested in any of the items
that I showed I'm also gonna have a full
list of everything down below so if you
guess you don't want to go and find
something that I wore in the video you
can go ahead and do that and yeah let's
get straight into it
[Music]
okay so for this first outfit I wore
this dress which is like my go-to dress
for like everything because I love this
because you can just put it on and you
know you're fully dressed you don't need
to worry about anything to combine it
with and it always looks really put
together and you can wear to class but
you can also wear it to like an event or
anything and it's super easy to you know
just style it up if you need to like you
can just put on heels and it looks a lot
more official than I've always would and
it's also really great because it has
long sleeves so you can just you know
wear like a black shirt and lid and be a
bit more warm which is really really
important especially here in Cambridge
it gets so cold and that's why I'm also
always wearing black tights and those
aren't just you know any black tights
those are heat holders and I would so
recommend them I'm gonna link it in the
info box below they come as leggings or
as tights and I don't even know how many
I have probably way too many but
basically I wear them on a daily basis
because they keep you warm and you know
they look like normal tights you can
combine it with anything I wear them
under all of my trousers just to be warm
and it's really really great would
highly recommend if you're studying
somewhere where it gets cold so yeah
that's like my best tip for the winter
time where he told her and with this
look I also wore this list bag which is
obviously not a bag that I would wear to
class
and buy something that I wear when I go
and meet my friends and things like that
because then you don't need like a
massive backpack and that's why I have a
small bag for that and I was actually
sent this bag by Teddy Blake thank you
so much for sending it to me it is so
cute all of the bags are made of leather
and it's really really great quality
I've been wearing it for like the past
two and a half weeks and I absolutely
love it and for me it's the perfect size
because I need it a small bag and you
can take these off and you know just
wear it like that if you want so for me
it's really really perfect and it has
like the storage place that I need
because for me I just you know need to
be able to like throw my phone and like
my keys and stuff like that in and it
fits in here so it is has like wired a
lot of storage capacity for a small bag
which is exactly what I needed
I really really love this I think about
cooks so so pretty and I company feel
like they reached out to me and asked if
they could send me something so yeah I
don't know I still can't believe that
anybody would send me anything um so but
thank you so so much if you guys want to
check them out I'm gonna link it in the
info box below their designs are so so
pretty and I've said absolutely love the
back um thank you so much and I think it
looks great
works of a lot of things and yeah as
I've been saying I've been wearing it
for the past weeks and it will
definitely stay in my closet for a long
time so yeah that's just you know what I
wear when I go out and meet people
because I just need a small back and yep
let's move on to the next look now for
this look I am wearing a skirt which is
normally really not my style at all
which is this skirt which I randomly got
at Zara it was on sale and I think
somebody had just you know like thrown
it somewhere who they didn't want to buy
it and I just came across and I was like
oh that's pretty cool but at the same
time normally like a miniskirt it's not
really my style
um but I tried it all and I quite liked
it and I thought okay I can combine it
with this sweater that I'm about to buy
and I think together they work really
really nicely also on this sweater which
is from Zara too is so warm I love it so
would highly recommend is if you're
someone like me who just gets cold all
the time because this will keep you warm
and I think it looks great with this
skirt and it kind of Styles the skirt
down because the skirt looks very party
and stuff and I mean I'm not you know a
party girl um so yeah I don't really
know actually I bought this but I think
it's a really really cool skirt and I
love wearing it it's very very different
from what I normally wear but yeah I
really do like your outfit like that um
so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed it too
also um I did show you guys the ring
with the crown so this is basically just
the crown itself and
way that this ring works is you can just
put anything on to it that you have like
for the system so this is the ring
itself actually I'm wearing at the
moment but you know you can you can add
anything on to it that you want so right
now I just have this silver thing on it
yeah basically it's a system and you can
just you know swap styles of the Rings
as you want to and I really love that
because it means you only need to have
one ring and you can you know just have
a variety of little things to add to it
which is great fun fact this actually
used to be my mum's so I just got a ring
that was my size and then she gave me
some of the things from her collection
um and yeah that's why I'm wearing them
a lot because they just remind me of my
mum and of home so there's a meaning
behind them but all the other rings that
I'm wearing I usually swap them out
every once in a while because those are
usually from H&M or Zara so they do
unfortunately break after a while but
yeah for a while they lost they look
really really pretty um so yeah all the
other rings H&M Zara but these ones are
from Charlotte being your Schwarz I
think it's a German brand but I'm pretty
sure you can get them abroad too
[Music]
okay so the next look is my teddy bear
sweater look and I call that because
when you wear the sweater it feels like
you've become a giant teddy bear but
this sweater is so warm so it's the best
thing for all the cool days and there
are a lot of cool desi and cambridge
unfortunately um and I combined it in
the lookbook with this ring I don't like
normally wear this ring I only take it
out for like special occasions but I
really really love it everything looks
so cool um and I got this one from
Swarovski it was on sale and yeah I
think every is really really cool when
you wear it this is what it looks like
when it's worn and I really like the
ring I think it's such a special ring um
obviously it's not something you can
wear it tonight class but we do have a
lot of events here in Cambridge about
evening events dinners cetera or you can
go to form a hall and so you can dress
up for these and that's when I take out
this ring and I wear it and I don't know
it just feels like you know it's a
special occasion you want to dress up a
little bit and I usually try to go for
outfits which I can keep wearing and I
can just you know dress them up with
like shoes or accessories so I don't
need to change a lot if I have different
events for us today so it's really great
if you have something you know where you
can just add like a little accessory
that you have and then it looks like
it's more formal and you can just go
with that so that's why I usually do
that with accessories
[Music]
okay so just outfit is basically me
trying to wear summer dress in winter um
and I I do this sometimes because you
know there is not that much summer in
Cambridge so if you have really nice
summer clothes that you want to wear
you're just gonna make it work in winter
um and that's what I do so here's my
strategy for wearing summery dresses in
winter first of all where he told us
okay you need heat rollers without them
not a great idea with he told us we can
survive and then just you know wear long
sleeved black shirt under it and it's
fine I think it works and I just love
wearing dresses but unfortunately winter
is not exactly the time of the year for
dresses um and it is very very cold in
Cambridge a lot of the time so that's
why I just try to make it work
nonetheless with my dresses because I
love wearing dresses so yeah that's how
I you know make my summer dresses work I
got this one from Zara and I really
really love it I think it looks really
great you know just as a summer dress
like worn without you know black tights
and like a black shirt under it but I
think it works with it two things
absolutely fine and I also wore these
like big earrings with it which are from
H&M and I just love you know combining
some jewelry with it just make it look a
bit more special but I think this is a
dress which you can also easily wear
without any jewelry because it looks
quite cool and it has a very loud color
so you can just wear that and you know
you're fine
so yeah that's me wearing summer clothes
in winter
[Music]
and this look I'm actually wearing right
now because it was the last one that we
filmed so that's why I'm still in it but
it's basically my go-to look you know
for any day because I feel like this is
something that is very neutral and you
can you can wear to class but you can
also you know wear it to like a careers
event you can wear to meet your
professor you can also wear to go and
meet your friends because it's just very
very neutral and I feel like it is like
a great look for any day so yeah
basically I wish I could wear this every
day because it just works with you know
most occasions that you have in law
school so that's why this is like my
go-to look and I combined it with this
jacket which is my warmer jacket like I
also have a real winter jacket this is
more for like you know anything like
below 10 degrees but like still above
zero or just at zero degrees and then I
wear this one which is from mango and I
really really love it it is a very very
long jacket but I think that's why I
look so cool because um when you wear
heels with it I think it just makes you
look a little bit taller
ellee's I like to believe that because
they're very very small but yeah that's
basically my jacket for when it starts
getting cold in Cambridge when it's not
as cold then I wear this trench I just
got this trench bite recently um I got a
second hand because this is from
Burberry and this should be expensive I
don't really think um it's worth it um
so yeah but I really really like their
Styles um so when I found a good bargain
on the internet I was like yeah I'm
gonna go for that
but yeah those are basically the two
jackets that I wearing and like when it
gets really really into winter then I
will like take out like a big fluffy
coat and just hide in that one and hope
that I'm not cold
um but yeah that's basically it like me
my jacket and my go-to outfit for when I
don't know what to wear or I just you
know what
something that works every time so if
you're looking for like one item to buy
that you know you should definitely have
in University I would say it's a
turtleneck sweater and just some
relatively neutral trousers that you
know do you don't have to look
superficial but I don't make it jeans
because then they work for you know a
careers event or things like that
and that's like an outfit that you can
pull up every time and you can get these
turtleneck sweaters really really cheap
at H&M and Zara and they look great and
you can wear them to literally anything
so yeah that's my recommendation for an
investment for University and I also
wore my backpack which I bring up me
every day I've actually changed my
backpack because this used to be my
backpack in high school it's quite old
you like to see it a little bit because
me in high school was pretty stupid and
so I just you know put it in a washing
machine and dryer so yeah that's that um
but aside from that I think it's still
looking pretty good um given the fact
that it is like I don't you know four or
five years old I have a bigger backpack
to which I showed in my bag tour for
university and I love that one and it is
definitely a lot more water resistant
than this one but it is massive and when
you have a massive backpack you know
there's a massive temptation to just
bring all your books I mean like yeah
I'm just gonna you know read Fruities
and then I started carrying like I don't
know eight kilograms books of me which
is not great um so I have changed to a
smaller backpack just to kind of like
limit myself and the amount of books
that I can bring with myself and it has
been working I have taken out the big
one on a few occasions when I really
needed to but I think it's good to have
a smaller bag when you're in university
because it does make you you know choose
really consciously what you want to
bring to class and what you actually
don't need and yep that's it for my
lookbook and I hope you guys enjoyed
this I notice is very different from my
usual content but I did have
a lot of fun filming this and thank you
so much to my friends who genuine filmed
olaphis you can find her social link in
the infobox below
this was a lot of work so you know make
me not be super super awkward in front
of the camera but she really helped me a
lot um so yeah please show her some love
and thank you so much for watching this
video have a nice day bye